This is PAKCS (the Portland Aachen Kiel Curry system),
an implementation of Curry developed by RWTH Aachen,
University of Kiel and Portland State University
(email contact: mh@informatik.uni-kiel.de)

This directory contains:

RELNOTES.html:
  Some information about the current release and changes w.r.t. previous
  releases of PAKCS.

RESOURCES.html:
  A description of various resources related to PAKCS and Curry.
  This is helpful for new users.

INSTALL.html:
  Instructions to install the system.

bin:
  A directory containing various scripts that implement the main
  commands to execute the components of PAKCS.

cpns:
  This directory contains scripts and executables for the
  Curry Port Name Server (CPNS) which is responsible for managing the
  symbolic names assigned to the named ports on a local machine
  (see library Ports for more details).

curry2prolog:
  This directory contains the compiler from Curry into Prolog which
  is the basis of the main component of PAKCS: the interactive
  development environment.

currytools:
  This directory contains various tools for Curry
  (see the README there for a more detailed description).

docs:
  This directory contains some documentation (Curry Report, PAKCS User Manual,
  DTD for XML representation of FlatCurry).

examples:
  This directory contains a collection of example Curry programs
  and test files (prefixed by "test") to check the system using
  the currytest tool. All tests can be executed by the shell script
  "doTest" in this directory.

frontend: 
  This directory contains the sources of the Curry front-end, i.e., a parser
  for Curry programs. It is adapted from the parser of the Muenster Curry
  Compiler (MCC).

lib:
  This directory contains a collection of standard libraries
  implemented in Curry (including the standard prelude).

scripts:
  This directory contains scripts used in PAKCS.

tools:
  This directory contains various tools for PAKCS
  (see the README there for a more detailed description).

www:
  This directory contains scripts and executables for the
  event handler server that is required to execute dynamic web
  pages implemented with the libraries HTML or WUI.

